README.md, before:

# covid-data-analysis

[![GitHub commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/gerrygeko/covid-data-analysis)](https://github.com/gerrygeko/covid-data-analysis)[![License: GPL v2](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v2-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html)[![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/)

This web application gather and show data for the COVID-19 for the Italian area. 
It gives the possibility to arrange and visualize the data in different ways using different graphs.
The web application is reachable at the following link [SARS-CoV-2-Gellex](https://www.data-covid.com/)

## Data update
- Data is published every day from the Department at 18:00
- Data is collected from [Department of Protezione Civile repository](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19)
- Update to this application is expected slightly after, but to keep consistency in case of later updates, 
every 30 minutes a new attempt for check the presence of new data will be made

## Technology adopted
- Programming language adopted for the whole project is [Python](https://www.python.org/)
- The framework used to build this web-based analytic application is [Plotly - Dash](https://plotly.com/dash/)
- The web application is running a cloud solution via the application platform [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) 
(PaaS - Platform as a Service)

## Credits
- The data is offered by [Department of Civil Protection](http://www.protezionecivile.it/attivita-rischi/rischio-sanitario/emergenze/coronavirus).
- The news feed is offered by [News API](https://newsapi.org/).
- Resident Population data is offered by [I.Stat](http://dati.istat.it/)

## Contact Us
Gerardo Lamorte
- Email: lamorte.gerardo@gmail.com
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gerardo-lamorte-a25928149/) profile

Nicola Mastrangelo
- Email: mastrangelo.nicola@gmail.com
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicola-mastrangelo-240810107/) profile

Commit message:

Update of README.md for the introduction of new credit (Johns Hopkins University)

README.md, after:

# covid-data-analysis

[![GitHub commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/gerrygeko/covid-data-analysis)](https://github.com/gerrygeko/covid-data-analysis)[![License: GPL v2](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v2-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html)[![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/)

This web application gather and show data for the COVID-19 for the Italian area. 
It gives the possibility to arrange and visualize the data in different ways using different graphs.
The web application is reachable at the following link [SARS-CoV-2-Gellex](https://www.data-covid.com/)

## Data update
- Data is published every day from the Department at 18:00
- Data is collected from [Department of Protezione Civile repository](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19)
- Update to this application is expected slightly after, but to keep consistency in case of later updates, 
every 30 minutes a new attempt for check the presence of new data will be made

## Technology adopted
- Programming language adopted for the whole project is [Python](https://www.python.org/)
- The framework used to build this web-based analytic application is [Plotly - Dash](https://plotly.com/dash/)
- The web application is running a cloud solution via the application platform [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) 
(PaaS - Platform as a Service)

## Credits
- Italian data is offered by [Department of Civil Protection](http://www.protezionecivile.it/attivita-rischi/rischio-sanitario/emergenze/coronavirus).
- Worldwide data is offered by [Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science and Engineering ](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData) and normalized by [Data Packaged Core Datasets
](https://github.com/datasets/covid-19)
- The news feed is offered by [News API](https://newsapi.org/).
- Resident Population data is offered by [I.Stat](http://dati.istat.it/)

## Contact Us
Gerardo Lamorte
- Email: lamorte.gerardo@gmail.com
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gerardo-lamorte-a25928149/) profile

Nicola Mastrangelo
- Email: mastrangelo.nicola@gmail.com
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicola-mastrangelo-240810107/) profile
